CODED TEXT
ocyx aycjfykfacyshycomfayocyx aycjfyxsiacyshycomfayocyx aycjfy gfyshyxoansmyocyx
aycjfy gfyshyhsszoajtfaayocyx aycjfyfusbjyshykfzofhyocyx
aycjfyfusbjyshyotbifnwzoceyocyx aycjfyaf astyshyzogjcyocyx aycjfyaf astyshyn
irtfaayocyx aycjfyauiotgyshyjsufyocyx aycjfyxotcfiyshynfau oiyxfyj
nyfvfiecjotgykfhsifywayxfyj nytscjotgykfhsifywayxfyxfify zzygsotgynoifbcycsyjf
vftyxfyxfify zzygsotgynoifbcycjfyscjfiyx eyotyajsicycjfyufiosnyx ayasyh
iyzorfycjfyuifaftcyufiosnycj cyasmfyshyocaytsoaofacy
wcjsiocofayotaoacfnystyocaykfotgyifbfovfnyhsiygssnysiyhsiyfvozyotycjfyawufiz
covfynfgiffyshybsmu ioastystzeycjfifyxfify yrotgyxocjy yz igfyl xy tny
ydwfftyxocjy yuz otyh bfystycjfycjistfyshyftgz tnycjfifyxfify yrotgyxocjy yz
igfyl xy tny ydwfftyxocjy yh oiyh bfystycjfycjistfyshyhi
tbfyotykscjybswtciofayocyx aybzf ifiycj tybieac zycsycjfyzsinayshycjfyac
cfyuifafivfayshyzs vfay tnyhoajfaycj cycjotgayotygftfi
zyxfifyafcczfnyhsiyfvfiyocyx aycjfyef iyshyswiyzsinystfycjswa tnyafvftyjwtnifny
tnyafvftcehovfyauoiocw zyifvfz costayxfifybstbfnfnycsyftgz tny cycj cyh
vswifnyufiosny ay cycjoaymiayaswcjbsccyj nyifbftczey cc otfnyjfiyhovf
tncxftcofcjykzfaafnykoicjn eyshyxjsmy yuisujfcobyuiov cfyotycjfyzohfygw inayj
nyjfi znfnycjfyawkzomfy uuf i tbfykey ttswtbotgycj cy ii tgfmftcayxfifym
nfyhsiycjfyax zzsxotgywuyshyzstnsty tnyxfacmotacfiyfvftycjfybsbrz tfygjsacyj
nykfftyz onystzey yiswtnynsqftyshyef iay hcfiyi uuotgyswcyocaymfaa gfay
aycjfyauoiocayshycjoayvfieyef iyz acyu acyawufit cwi zzeynfhoboftcyotysiogot
zoceyi uufnyswcycjfoiaymfifymfaa gfayotycjfyf icjzeysinfiyshyfvftcayj nyz
cfzeybsmfycsycjfyftgzoajybisxty tnyufsuzfyhismy
ybstgifaayshykiocoajyawklfbcayoty mfiob yxjobjyaci tgfycsyifz cfyj
vfyuisvfnymsifyomusic tcycsycjfyjwm tyi bfycj ty teybsmmwtob
costayefcyifbfovfnycjiswgjy teyshycjfybjobrftayshycjfybsbrz tfykissnyhi
tbfyzfaayh vswifnystycjfyxjszfy aycsym ccfiayauoiocw zycj
tyjfiyaoacfiyshycjfyajofzny
tnycionftcyiszzfnyxocjyfpbffnotgyamsscjtfaaynsxtyjozzym rotgyu ufiymstfey
tnyauftnotgyocywtnfiycjfygwon tbfyshyjfiybjioaco tyu acsiayajfyftcfic
otfnyjfiafzhykfaonfayxocjyawbjyjwm tfy bjofvfmftcay ayaftcftbotgy yeswcjycsyj
vfyjoayj tnaybwcyshhyjoaycstgwfycsityswcyxocjyuotbfiay tnyjoayksneykwitfny
zovfykfb wafyjfyj nytscyrtffzfnynsxtyotycjfyi otycsynsyjstswiycsy
ynoiceyuisbfaaostyshymstrayxjobjyu aafnyxocjotyjoayvofxy cy ynoac
tbfyshyasmfyhohceysiyaopceye inayocyoayzorfzeyftswgjycj
cyisscfnyotycjfyxssnayshyhi tbfy tnytsix eycjfifyxfifygisxotgyciffayxjftycj
cyawhhfifiyx ayuwcycsynf cjy zif neym irfnykeycjfyxssnm tyh cfycsybsmfynsxty
tnykfya xtyotcsyks inaycsym rfy ybfic otymsv kzfyhi mfxsiryxocjy ya bry tny
yrtohfyotyocycfiiokzfyotyjoacsieyocyoayzorfzeyftswgjycj
cyotycjfyiswgjyswcjswafayshyasmfycozzfiayshycjfyjf veyz tnay nl bftcycsyu
ioaycjfifyxfifyajfzcfifnyhismycjfyxf cjfiycj cyvfieyn eyiwnfyb icaykfau
ccfifnyxocjyiwacobymoifyatwhhfny kswcykeyuogay
tnyissacfnyotykeyuswzcieyxjobjycjfyh imfiynf cjyj ny zif neyafcy u
icycsykfyjoaycwmkiozayshycjfyifvszwcostykwcycj cyxssnm ty tnycj cyh
imfiycjswgjycjfeyxsirywtbf aotgzeyxsiryaozftczey tnytsystfyjf inycjfmy
aycjfeyxftcy kswcyxocjymwhhzfnycif nycjfyi cjfiyhsi amwbjy aycsyftcfic oty
teyawauobostycj cycjfeyxfify x rfyx aycsykfy cjfoacob zy tnyci ocsiswayotyftgz
tnycjfifyx ayab ibfzey ty mswtcyshysinfiy tnyuiscfbcostycsylwacoheymwbjyt cost
zyks acotgyn iotgykwigz iofaykey imfnymfty tnyjogjx eyiskkfiofaycssryuz
bfyotycjfyb uoc zyocafzhyfvfieytogjcyh mozofayxfifyuwkzobzeyb
wcostfnytscycsygsyswcyshycsxtyxocjswcyifmsvotgycjfoiyhwitocwifycsywujszacfifiayx
ifjswafayhsiyafbwioceycjfyjogjx em tyotycjfyn iryx ay yboceyci nfam
tyotycjfyzogjcy tnykfotgyifbsgtoafny tnybj zzftgfnykeyjoayhfzzsxci nfam
tyxjsmyjfyacsuufnyotyjoaybj i bcfiyshycjfyb uc otyg zz
tczeyajscyjomycjiswgjycjfyjf ny tnyisnfy x eycjfym ozyx ayx ez
onykeyafvftyiskkfiay tnycjfygw inyajscycjiffynf ny tnycjftygscyajscynf
nyjomafzhykeycjfyscjfiyhswiyotybstafdwftbfyshycjfyh ozwifyshyjoay mmwtocosty
hcfiyxjobjycjfym ozyx ayiskkfnyotyuf bfycj cym gtohobftcyuscftc cfycjfyzsinym
esiyshyzstnstyx aym nfycsyac tny tnynfzovfiystycwitj mygifftykeystfyjogjx em
tyxjsynfausozfnycjfyozzwacioswaybif cwifyotyaogjcyshy
zzyjoayifcotwfyuioastfiayotyzstnstyg szayhswgjcyk cczfayxocjycjfoiycwitrfeay
tnycjfym lfaceyshycjfyz xyhoifnykzwtnfikwaafayoty mstgycjfmyzs
nfnyxocjyiswtnayshyajscy tnyk zzycjofvfayatouufnyshhyno
mstnybisaafayhismycjfytfbrayshytskzfyzsinay cybswicyni
xotgissmaymwarfcffiayxftcyotcsyacygozfaaycsyaf ibjyhsiybstci k tnygssnay
tnycjfymskyhoifnystycjfymwarfcffiay tnycjfymwarfcffiayhoifnystycjfymsky
tnytsksneycjswgjcy teyshycjfafysbbwiiftbfaymwbjyswcyshycjfybsmmstyx
eyotycjfymonacyshycjfmycjfyj tgm tyfvfiykwaey tnyfvfiyxsiafycj tywafzfaayx
ayotybstac tcyifdwoaocostytsxyaciotgotgywuyzstgyisxayshymoabfzz tfswaybiomot
zaytsxyj tgotgy yjswafkif rfiystya cwin eyxjsyj nykfftyc rftystycwfan
eytsxykwitotgyufsuzfyotycjfyj tny cytfxg cfykeycjfynsqfty tnytsxykwitotgyu
mujzfcay cycjfynssiyshyxfacmotacfiyj zzycsn eyc rotgycjfyzohfyshy ty
cisboswaymwinfifiy tnycsmsiisxyshy yxifcbjfnyuozhfifiyxjsyj nyiskkfny yh
imfiaykseyshyaopuftbfy zzycjfafycjotgay tny ycjswa tnyzorfycjfmyb mfycsyu aayoty
tnybzsafywustycjfynf iysznyef iystfycjswa tnyafvftyjwtnifny
tnyafvftcehovfyftvoistfnykeycjfmyxjozfycjfyxssnm ty tnycjfyh
imfiyxsirfnywtjffnfnycjsafycxsyshycjfyz igfyl xay tnycjsafyscjfiycxsyshycjfyuz
oty tnycjfyh oiyh bfaycisnyxocjyacoiyftswgjy tnyb
iiofnycjfoiynovotfyiogjcayxocjy yjogjyj tnycjwaynonycjfyef iystfycjswa
tnyafvftyjwtnifny tnyafvftcehovfybstnwbcycjfoiygif ctfaafay tnymeio nayshyam
zzybif cwifaycjfybif cwifayshycjoaybjistobzfy mstgycjfyifacy zstgycjfyis naycj
cyz eykfhsifycjfm

EPOCH 500
s ryler torvoe radr skoers ryler toryafe radr skoers ryler torlcoradrysemakrs
ryler torlcoradrdaausetioeers ryler torojagtradrvousodrs ryler
torojagtradrsigfomnus prs ryler toreoleairadrusct rs ryler
toreoleairadrmlfhioeers ryler torejfsicradrtajors ryler torysi
ofradrmoejlsfryortlmrowofp tsicrvodaforneryortlmria
tsicrvodaforneryoryoforluurcasicrmsfog r artolwoiryoryoforluurcasicrmsfog r tora
tofrylprsiretaf r torjofsamrylereardlfrushor torjfoeoi rjofsamr tl reakoradrs
eriasesoe rln tafs soersiese omrairs ervosicrfogoswomrdafrcaamrafrdafrowsursir
torenjoful swormocfooradrgakjlfseairaiupr toforyoforlrhsicrys
trlrulfcorblyrlimrlrxnooirys trlrjulsirdlgorair tor tfaioradroiculimr
toforyoforlrhsicrys trlrulfcorblyrlimrlrxnooirys trlrdlsfrdlgorair tor
tfaioradrdfligorsirva trgani fsoers rylerguolfofr tlirgfpe lur ar toruafmeradr
tore l orjfoeofwoeradrualwoerlimrdsetoer tl r tsicersircoiofluryoforeo
uomrdafrowofrs ryler torpolfradranfruafmraior tanelimreowoirtnimfomrlimreowoi
pdsworejsfs nlurfowoul saieryoforgaigomomr aroiculimrl r tl
rdlwanfomrjofsamrlerl r tserkferean tga  rtlmrfogoi uprl  lsiomrtofrdswolim yoi
so trvuoeeomrvsf tmlpradrytakrlrjfajto sgrjfswl orsir
torusdorcnlfmertlmrtoflumomr torenvuskorljjolfligorvprliianigsicr tl rlfflicokoi
eryoforklmordafr toreyluuaysicrnjradruaimairlimryoe ksie ofrowoir
torgaghuliorctae rtlmrvooirulsmraiuprlrfanimrmazoiradrpolferld ofrfljjsicran rs
erkoeelcoerler torejsfs eradr tserwofprpolfrule rjle renjofil nfluuprmodsgsoi
rsirafscsilus prfljjomran r tosferkoforkoeelcoersir torolf tuprafmofradrowoi
ertlmrul ouprgakor ar toroicusetrgfayirlimrjoajuordfakrlrgaicfoeeradrvfs
setrenvbog ersirlkofsglrytsgtre flicor arfoul ortlworjfawomrkaforskjaf li r ar
tortnklirflgor tlirliprgakknisgl saierpo rfogoswomr tfanctrlipradr
torgtsghoieradr torgaghuliorvfaamrdfligoruoeerdlwanfomrair torytauorler arkl
oferejsfs nlur tlirtofrese ofradr toretsoumrlimr fsmoi rfauuomrys
troqgoomsicrekaa tioeermayirtsuurklhsicrjljofrkaioprlimrejoimsicrs rnimofr
torcnsmligoradrtofrgtfse slirjle aferetoroi of lsiomrtofeoudrvoesmoerys
trengtrtnkliorlgtsowokoi erlereoi oigsicrlrpan tr artlwortsertlimergn raddrtser
aicnor afiran rys trjsigoferlimrtservamprvnfiomrlusworvoglneortortlmria
rhioouomrmayirsir torflsir armartaianfr arlrmsf
prjfagoeesairadrkaiherytsgtrjleeomrys tsirtserwsoyrl rlrmse ligoradreakordsd
prafresq prplfmers rserushouproianctr tl rfaa omrsir
toryaameradrdfligorlimriafylpr toforyoforcfaysicr fooerytoir tl renddofofrylerjn
r armol trlufolmprklfhomrvpr toryaamklirdl or argakormayirlimrvorelyirsi
arvalfmer arklhorlrgof lsirkawlvuordflkoyafhrys trlrelghrlimrlrhisdorsirs r
offsvuorsirtse afprs rserushouproianctr tl rsir torfanctran taneoeradreakor
suuoferadr tortolwprulimerlmblgoi r arjlfser toforyoforetou ofomrdfakr toryol
tofr tl rwofprmlprfnmorglf ervoejl  ofomrys trfne sgrksforeinddomrlvan
rvprjscerlimrfaae omrsirvprjanu fprytsgtr tordlfkofrmol trtlmrlufolmpreo rljlf r
arvortser nkvfsueradr torfowaun sairvn r tl ryaamklirlimr tl rdlfkofr tanctr
topryafhrnigolesicupryafhresuoi uprlimriaraiortolfmr tokrler topryoi rlvan rys
trkndduomr folmr torfl tofrdaflekngtrler aroi of lsirliprenejsgsair tl r
topryoforlylhoryler arvorl tose sglurlimr fls afanersiroiculimr
toforylereglfgouprlirlkani radrafmofrlimrjfa og sair arbne sdprkngtril
sailurvale sicrmlfsicrvnfculfsoervprlfkomrkoirlimrtsctylprfavvofsoer
aahrjulgorsir torgljs lurs eoudrowofprisct rdlksusoeryoforjnvusguprgln saiomria
r arcaran radr ayirys tan rfokawsicr tosfrdnfis nfor arnjtaue
ofoferylfotaneoerdafreognfs pr tortsctylpklirsir tormlfhrylerlrgs pr
flmoeklirsir torusct rlimrvosicrfogaciseomrlimrgtluuoicomrvprtserdouuay
flmoeklirytakrtore ajjomrsirtsergtlflg ofradr torglj lsircluuli upreta rtskr
tfanctr tortolmrlimrfamorlylpr torklsurylerylpulsmrvpreowoirfavvoferlimr
torcnlfmreta r tfoormolmrlimr toirca reta rmolmrtskeoudrvpr tora
tofrdanfrsirgaieoxnoigoradr tordlsunforadrtserlkknis sairld ofrytsgtr
torklsurylerfavvomrsirjolgor tl rklcisdsgoi rja oi l or
toruafmrklpafradruaimairylerklmor are limrlimrmouswofrair
nfitlkrcfooirvpraiortsctylpklirytarmoejasuomr torsuune fsanergfol nforsiresct
radrluurtserfo sinorjfseaiofersiruaimairclauerdanct rvl  uoerys tr tosfr
nfihoperlimr torklboe pradr torulyrdsfomrvunimofvneeoersirlkaicr tokrualmomrys
trfanimeradreta rlimrvluur tsowoereisjjomraddrmslkaimrgfaeeoerdfakr
toriogheradriavuoruafmerl rganf rmflysicfaakerkneho ooferyoi rsi are rcsuoeer
areolfgtrdafrgai flvlimrcaamerlimr torkavrdsfomrair torkneho ooferlimr torkneho
ooferdsfomrair torkavrlimriavampr tanct rlipradr toeoraggnffoigoerkngtran radr
torgakkairylprsir torksme radr tokr tortlicklirowofrvneprlimrowofryafeor
tlirneouoeerylersirgaie li rfoxnses sairiayre
fsicsicrnjruaicrfayeradrksegouulioanergfsksilueriayrtlicsicrlrtaneovfolhofrairel
nfmlprytartlmrvooir lhoirair noemlpriayrvnfisicrjoajuorsir tortlimrl rioycl
orvpr tormazoirlimriayrvnfisicrjlkjtuo erl r tormaafradryoe ksie ofrtluur amlpr
lhsicr torusdoradrlirl fagsanerknfmofofrlimr akaffayradrlryfo
gtomrjsudofofrytartlmrfavvomrlrdlfkofervapradresqjoigorluur toeor tsicerlimrlr
tanelimrushor tokrglkor arjleersirlimrguaeornjair tormolfraumrpolfraior
tanelimreowoirtnimfomrlimreowoi pdsworoiwsfaiomrvpr tokrytsuor toryaamklirlimr
tordlfkofryafhomrnitoomomr taeor yaradr torulfcorblyerlimr taeora tofr yaradr
torjulsirlimr tordlsfrdlgoer famrys tre sfroianctrlimrglffsomr tosfrmswsiorfsct
erys trlrtsctrtlimr tnermsmr torpolfraior tanelimreowoirtnimfomrlimreowoi
pdsworgaimng r tosfrcfol ioeeoerlimrkpfslmeradrekluurgfol nfoer torgfol nfoeradr
tsergtfaisguorlkaicr torfoe rluaicr torfalmer tl rulprvodafor tok

EPOCH 1000
ui har ito jori ed iucor ui har ito hefri ed iucor ui har ito ayo ed hursec ui
har ito ayo ed deelurtnorr ui har ito opewt ed joluod ui har ito opewt ed
unwfosmluig ui har ito roaren ed luyti ui har ito roaren ed safbnorr ui har ito
rpfuny ed tepo ui har ito huniof ed sorpauf ho tas ovofgituny jodefo mr ho tas
neituny jodefo mr ho hofo all yeuny sufowi ie toavon ho hofo all yeuny sufowi
ito eitof hag un rtefi ito pofues har re daf lubo ito pforoni pofues itai reco
ed uir neuruori amitefuiuor unrurios en uir jouny fowouvos def yees ef def ovul
un ito rmpoflaiuvo soyfoo ed wecpafuren enlg itofo hofo a buny huit a lafyo kah
ans a qmoon huit a plaun dawo en ito itfeno ed onylans itofo hofo a buny huit a
lafyo kah ans a qmoon huit a dauf dawo en ito itfeno ed dfanwo un jeit wemnifuor
ui har wloafof itan wfgrial ie ito lefsr ed ito riaio pforofvor ed leavor ans
durtor itai itunyr un yonofal hofo roiilos def ovof ui har ito goaf ed emf lefs
eno itemrans rovon tmnsfos ans rovonigduvo rpufuimal fovolaiuenr hofo wenwosos
ie onylans ai itai davemfos pofues ar ai itur cfr remitweii tas fowonilg
aiiaunos tof duvoansihoniuoit jlorros jufitsag ed htec a pfeptoiuw pfuvaio un
ito ludo ymafsr tas tofalsos ito rmjluco appoafanwo jg annemnwuny itai
affanyoconir hofo caso def ito rhallehuny mp ed lensen ans horicunriof ovon ito
wewblano yteri tas joon laus enlg a femns sezon ed goafr adiof fappuny emi uir
corrayor ar ito rpufuir ed itur vofg goaf lari pari rmpofnaimfallg soduwuoni un
efuyunaluig fappos emi itoufr cofo corrayor un ito oafitlg efsof ed ovonir tas
laiolg weco ie ito onylurt wfehn ans poeplo dfec a wenyforr ed jfuiurt rmjkowir
un acofuwa htuwt rifanyo ie folaio tavo pfevos cefo ucpefiani ie ito tmcan fawo
itan ang weccmnuwaiuenr goi fowouvos itfemyt ang ed ito wtuwbonr ed ito wewblano
jfees dfanwo lorr davemfos en ito htelo ar ie caiiofr rpufuimal itan tof ruriof
ed ito rtuols ans ifusoni fellos huit oxwoosuny rceeitnorr sehn tull cabuny
papof cenog ans rponsuny ui mnsof ito ymusanwo ed tof wtfuriuan pariefr rto
oniofiaunos tofrold jorusor huit rmwt tmcano awtuovoconir ar ronionwuny a gemit
ie tavo tur tansr wmi edd tur ienymo iefn emi huit punwofr ans tur jesg jmfnos
aluvo jowamro to tas nei bnoolos sehn un ito faun ie se tenemf ie a sufig
pfeworruen ed cenbr htuwt parros huitun tur vuoh ai a surianwo ed reco dudig ef
ruxig gafsr ui ur lubolg onemyt itai feeios un ito heesr ed dfanwo ans nefhag
itofo hofo yfehuny ifoor hton itai rmddofof har pmi ie soait alfoasg cafbos jg
ito heescan daio ie weco sehn ans jo rahn unie jeafsr ie cabo a wofiaun cevajlo
dfacohefb huit a rawb ans a bnudo un ui ioffujlo un turiefg ui ur lubolg onemyt
itai un ito femyt emitemror ed reco iullofr ed ito toavg lansr askawoni ie pafur
itofo hofo rtoliofos dfec ito hoaitof itai vofg sag fmso wafir jorpaiiofos huit
fmriuw cufo rnmddos ajemi jg puyr ans feerios un jg pemlifg htuwt ito dafcof
soait tas alfoasg roi apafi ie jo tur imcjfulr ed ito fovelmiuen jmi itai
heescan ans itai dafcof itemyt itog hefb mnwoarunylg hefb rulonilg ans ne eno
toafs itoc ar itog honi ajemi huit cmddlos ifoas ito faitof defarcmwt ar ie
oniofiaun ang rmrpuwuen itai itog hofo ahabo har ie jo aitouriuwal ans
ifauiefemr un onylans itofo har rwafwolg an acemni ed efsof ans pfeiowiuen ie
kmriudg cmwt naiuenal jeariuny safuny jmfylafuor jg afcos con ans tuythag
fejjofuor ieeb plawo un ito wapuial uirold ovofg nuyti daculuor hofo pmjluwlg
wamiuenos nei ie ye emi ed iehn huitemi focevuny itouf dmfnuimfo ie mptelriofofr
hafotemror def rowmfuig ito tuythagcan un ito safb har a wuig ifasorcan un ito
luyti ans jouny foweynuros ans wtallonyos jg tur dollehifasorcan htec to rieppos
un tur wtafawiof ed ito wapiaun yallanilg rtei tuc itfemyt ito toas ans feso
ahag ito caul har haglaus jg rovon fejjofr ans ito ymafs rtei itfoo soas ans
iton yei rtei soas tucrold jg ito eitof demf un wenroqmonwo ed ito daulmfo ed
tur accmnuiuen adiof htuwt ito caul har fejjos un poawo itai caynuduwoni
peioniaio ito lefs cagef ed lensen har caso ie rians ans soluvof en imfntac
yfoon jg eno tuythagcan hte sorpeulos ito ullmrifuemr wfoaimfo un ruyti ed all
tur foiunmo pfurenofr un lensen yaelr demyti jaiilor huit itouf imfnbogr ans ito
cakorig ed ito lah dufos jlmnsofjmrror un aceny itoc leasos huit femnsr ed rtei
ans jall ituovor rnuppos edd suacens wferror dfec ito nowbr ed nejlo lefsr ai
wemfi sfahunyfeecr cmrboioofr honi unie ri yulorr ie roafwt def wenifajans yeesr
ans ito cej dufos en ito cmrboioofr ans ito cmrboioofr dufos en ito cej ans
nejesg itemyti ang ed itoro ewwmffonwor cmwt emi ed ito weccen hag un ito cusri
ed itoc ito tanycan ovof jmrg ans ovof hefro itan mrolorr har un wenriani
foqmuruiuen neh rifunyuny mp leny fehr ed curwollanoemr wfucunalr neh tanyuny a
temrojfoabof en raimfsag hte tas joon iabon en imorsag neh jmfnuny poeplo un ito
tans ai nohyaio jg ito sezon ans neh jmfnuny pacptloir ai ito seef ed
horicunriof tall iesag iabuny ito ludo ed an aifewuemr cmfsofof ans ieceffeh ed
a hfoiwtos puldofof hte tas fejjos a dafcofr jeg ed ruxponwo all itoro itunyr
ans a itemrans lubo itoc waco ie parr un ans wlero mpen ito soaf els goaf eno
itemrans rovon tmnsfos ans rovonigduvo onvufenos jg itoc htulo ito heescan ans
ito dafcof hefbos mntoosos itero ihe ed ito lafyo kahr ans itero eitof ihe ed
ito plaun ans ito dauf dawor ifes huit riuf onemyt ans waffuos itouf suvuno
fuytir huit a tuyt tans itmr sus ito goaf eno itemrans rovon tmnsfos ans
rovonigduvo wensmwi itouf yfoainorror ans cgfuasr ed rcall wfoaimfor ito
wfoaimfor ed itur wtfenuwlo aceny ito fori aleny ito feasr itai lag jodefo itoc

EPOCH 1500
ut car tho bort ef tumor ut car tho cesrt ef tumor ut car tho ago ef curdem ut
car tho ago ef feelurhnorr ut car tho opeih ef boluof ut car tho opeih ef
unisodwluty ut car tho roaren ef lught ut car tho roaren ef dasknorr ut car tho
rpsung ef hepo ut car tho cuntos ef dorpaus co had ovosythung bofeso wr co had
nethung bofeso wr co coso all geung dusoit te hoavon co coso all geung dusoit
tho ethos cay un rhest tho posued car re fas luko tho psoront posued that remo
ef utr neuruort awthesutuor unrurtod en utr boung soiouvod fes geed es fes ovul
un tho rwposlatuvo dogsoo ef iempasuren enly thoso coso a kung cuth a lasgo jac
and a qwoon cuth a plaun faio en tho thseno ef ongland thoso coso a kung cuth a
lasgo jac and a qwoon cuth a faus faio en tho thseno ef fsanio un beth iewntsuor
ut car iloasos than isyrtal te tho lesdr ef tho rtato psorosvor ef leavor and
furhor that thungr un gonosal coso rottlod fes ovos ut car tho yoas ef ews lesd
eno thewrand rovon hwndsod and rovontyfuvo rpusutwal sovolatuenr coso ieniodod
te ongland at that favewsod posued ar at thur msr rewthiett had soiontly
attaunod hos fuvoandtcontuoth blorrod busthday ef chem a psephotui psuvato un
tho lufo gwasdr had hosaldod tho rwblumo appoasanio by annewniung that
assangomontr coso mado fes tho rcallecung wp ef lenden and cortmunrtos ovon tho
ieiklano ghert had boon laud enly a sewnd dezon ef yoasr aftos sappung ewt utr
morragor ar tho rpusutr ef thur vosy yoas lart part rwposnatwsally dofuiuont un
esugunaluty sappod ewt thousr moso morragor un tho oasthly esdos ef ovontr had
latoly iemo te tho onglurh isecn and poeplo fsem a iengsorr ef bsuturh rwbjoitr
un amosuia chuih rtsango te solato havo psevod meso umpestant te tho hwman saio
than any iemmwnuiatuenr yot soiouvod thsewgh any ef tho ihuikonr ef tho ieiklano
bseed fsanio lorr favewsod en tho chelo ar te mattosr rpusutwal than hos rurtos
ef tho rhuold and tsudont sellod cuth oxioodung rmeethnorr decn hull makung
papos menoy and rpondung ut wndos tho gwudanio ef hos ihsurtuan partesr rho
ontostaunod hosrolf borudor cuth rwih hwmano aihuovomontr ar rontoniung a yewth
te havo hur handr iwt eff hur tengwo tesn ewt cuth puniosr and hur bedy bwsnod
aluvo boiawro ho had net knoolod decn un tho saun te de henews te a dusty
pseiorruen ef menkr chuih parrod cuthun hur vuoc at a durtanio ef remo fufty es
ruxty yasdr ut ur lukoly onewgh that seetod un tho ceedr ef fsanio and nescay
thoso coso gsecung tsoor chon that rwffosos car pwt te doath alsoady maskod by
tho ceedman fato te iemo decn and bo racn unte beasdr te mako a iostaun mevablo
fsamocesk cuth a raik and a knufo un ut tossublo un hurtesy ut ur lukoly onewgh
that un tho sewgh ewthewror ef remo tullosr ef tho hoavy landr adjaiont te pasur
thoso coso rholtosod fsem tho coathos that vosy day swdo iastr borpattosod cuth
swrtui muso rnwffod abewt by pugr and seertod un by pewltsy chuih tho fasmos
doath had alsoady rot apast te bo hur twmbsulr ef tho sovelwtuen bwt that
ceedman and that fasmos thewgh thoy cesk wnioarungly cesk rulontly and ne eno
hoasd thom ar thoy cont abewt cuth mwfflod tsoad tho sathos fesarmwih ar te
ontostaun any rwrpuiuen that thoy coso acako car te bo athourtuial and
tsautesewr un ongland thoso car riasioly an amewnt ef esdos and psetoituen te
jwrtufy mwih natuenal beartung dasung bwsglasuor by asmod mon and hughcay
sebbosuor teek plaio un tho iaputal utrolf ovosy nught famuluor coso pwbluily
iawtuenod net te ge ewt ef tecn cuthewt somevung thous fwsnutwso te wphelrtososr
casohewror fes roiwsuty tho hughcayman un tho dask car a iuty tsadorman un tho
lught and boung soiegnurod and ihallongod by hur follectsadorman chem ho rteppod
un hur ihasaitos ef tho iaptaun gallantly rhet hum thsewgh tho hoad and sedo
acay tho maul car caylaud by rovon sebbosr and tho gwasd rhet thsoo doad and
thon get rhet doad humrolf by tho ethos fews un ienroqwonio ef tho faulwso ef
hur ammwnutuen aftos chuih tho maul car sebbod un poaio that magnufuiont
petontato tho lesd mayes ef lenden car mado te rtand and doluvos en twsnham
gsoon by eno hughcayman che dorpeulod tho ullwrtsuewr isoatwso un rught ef all
hur sotunwo psurenosr un lenden gaelr fewght battlor cuth thous twsnkoyr and tho
majorty ef tho lac fusod blwndosbwrror un ameng thom leadod cuth sewndr ef rhet
and ball thuovor rnuppod eff duamend iserror fsem tho noikr ef neblo lesdr at
iewst dsacungseemr mwrkotoosr cont unte rt gulorr te roasih fes ientsaband geedr
and tho meb fusod en tho mwrkotoosr and tho mwrkotoosr fusod en tho meb and
nebedy thewght any ef thoro eiiwssonior mwih ewt ef tho iemmen cay un tho mudrt
ef thom tho hangman ovos bwry and ovos cesro than wrolorr car un ienrtant
soqwurutuen nec rtsungung wp leng secr ef muriollanoewr isumunalr nec hangung a
hewrobsoakos en ratwsday che had boon takon en tworday nec bwsnung poeplo un tho
hand at nocgato by tho dezon and nec bwsnung pamphlotr at tho dees ef
cortmunrtos hall teday takung tho lufo ef an atseiuewr mwsdosos and temessec ef
a csotihod pulfosos che had sebbod a fasmosr bey ef ruxponio all thoro thungr
and a thewrand luko thom iamo te parr un and ilero wpen tho doas eld yoas eno
thewrand rovon hwndsod and rovontyfuvo onvusenod by thom chulo tho ceedman and
tho fasmos ceskod wnhoodod thero tce ef tho lasgo jacr and thero ethos tce ef
tho plaun and tho faus faior tsed cuth rtus onewgh and iassuod thous duvuno
sughtr cuth a hugh hand thwr dud tho yoas eno thewrand rovon hwndsod and
rovontyfuvo iendwit thous gsoatnorror and mysuadr ef rmall isoatwsor tho
isoatwsor ef thur ihsenuilo ameng tho sort aleng tho seadr that lay bofeso thom

EPOCH 2000
ut car the bert of tumer ut car the cosrt of tumer ut car the age of curdom ut
car the age of foolurhnerr ut car the ewoih of beluef ut car the ewoih of
unisedpluty ut car the rearon of lught ut car the rearon of dasknerr ut car the
rwsung of howe ut car the cuntes of derwaus ce had evesythung befose pr ce had
nothung befose pr ce cese all goung duseit to heaven ce cese all goung duseit
the othes cay un rhost the wesuod car ro fas luke the wserent wesuod that rome
of utr nouruert apthosutuer unrurted on utr beung seieuved fos good os fos evul
un the rpweslatuve degsee of iomwasuron only these cese a kung cuth a lasge jac
and a zpeen cuth a wlaun faie on the thsone of england these cese a kung cuth a
lasge jac and a zpeen cuth a faus faie on the thsone of fsanie un both iopntsuer
ut car ileases than isyrtal to the losdr of the rtate wseresver of loaver and
furher that thungr un genesal cese rettled fos eves ut car the yeas of ops losd
one thoprand reven hpndsed and reventyfuve rwusutpal sevelatuonr cese ionieded
to england at that favopsed wesuod ar at thur msr ropthiott had seiently
attauned hes fuveandtcentueth blerred busthday of chom a wsowhetui wsuvate un
the lufe gpasdr had hesalded the rpblume awweasanie by annopniung that
assangementr cese made fos the rcallocung pw of london and certmunrtes even the
ioiklane ghort had been laud only a sopnd doqen of yeasr aftes sawwung opt utr
merrager ar the rwusutr of thur vesy yeas lart wart rpwesnatpsally defuiuent un
osugunaluty sawwed opt theusr mese merrager un the easthly osdes of eventr had
lately iome to the englurh isocn and weowle fsom a iongserr of bsuturh rpbjeitr
un amesuia chuih rtsange to selate have wsoved mose umwostant to the hpman saie
than any iommpnuiatuonr yet seieuved thsopgh any of the ihuikenr of the ioiklane
bsood fsanie lerr favopsed on the chole ar to mattesr rwusutpal than hes rurtes
of the rhueld and tsudent solled cuth exieedung rmoothnerr docn hull makung
wawes money and rwendung ut pndes the gpudanie of hes ihsurtuan wartosr rhe
entestauned hesrelf beruder cuth rpih hpmane aihuevementr ar renteniung a yopth
to have hur handr ipt off hur tongpe tosn opt cuth wuniesr and hur body bpsned
aluve beiapre he had not kneeled docn un the saun to do honops to a dusty
wsoierruon of monkr chuih warred cuthun hur vuec at a durtanie of rome fufty os
ruxty yasdr ut ur lukely enopgh that sooted un the coodr of fsanie and noscay
these cese gsocung tseer chen that rpffeses car wpt to death alseady masked by
the coodman fate to iome docn and be racn unto boasdr to make a iestaun movable
fsamecosk cuth a raik and a knufe un ut tessuble un hurtosy ut ur lukely enopgh
that un the sopgh opthoprer of rome tullesr of the heavy landr adjaient to wasur
these cese rheltesed fsom the ceathes that vesy day spde iastr berwattesed cuth
sprtui muse rnpffed abopt by wugr and soorted un by wopltsy chuih the fasmes
death had alseady ret awast to be hur tpmbsulr of the sevolptuon bpt that
coodman and that fasmes thopgh they cosk pniearungly cosk rulently and no one
heasd them ar they cent abopt cuth mpffled tsead the sathes fosarmpih ar to
entestaun any rprwuiuon that they cese acake car to be atheurtuial and
tsautosopr un england these car riasiely an amopnt of osdes and wsoteituon to
jprtufy mpih natuonal boartung dasung bpsglasuer by asmed men and hughcay
sobbesuer took wlaie un the iawutal utrelf evesy nught famuluer cese wpbluily
iaptuoned not to go opt of tocn cuthopt semovung theus fpsnutpse to pwholrtesesr
casehoprer fos reipsuty the hughcayman un the dask car a iuty tsaderman un the
lught and beung seiognured and ihallenged by hur felloctsaderman chom he rtowwed
un hur ihasaites of the iawtaun gallantly rhot hum thsopgh the head and sode
acay the maul car caylaud by reven sobbesr and the gpasd rhot thsee dead and
then got rhot dead humrelf by the othes fops un ionrezpenie of the faulpse of
hur ammpnutuon aftes chuih the maul car sobbed un weaie that magnufuient
wotentate the losd mayos of london car made to rtand and deluves on tpsnham
gseen by one hughcayman cho derwouled the ullprtsuopr iseatpse un rught of all
hur setunpe wsuronesr un london gaolr fopght battler cuth theus tpsnkeyr and the
majerty of the lac fused blpndesbprrer un among them loaded cuth sopndr of rhot
and ball thuever rnuwwed off duamond isorrer fsom the neikr of noble losdr at
iopst dsacungsoomr mprketeesr cent unto rt gulerr to reasih fos iontsaband goodr
and the mob fused on the mprketeesr and the mprketeesr fused on the mob and
nobody thopght any of there oiipssenier mpih opt of the iommon cay un the mudrt
of them the hangman eves bpry and eves cosre than prelerr car un ionrtant
sezpurutuon noc rtsungung pw long socr of muriellaneopr isumunalr noc hangung a
hoprebseakes on ratpsday cho had been taken on tperday noc bpsnung weowle un the
hand at necgate by the doqen and noc bpsnung wamwhletr at the doos of
certmunrtes hall today takung the lufe of an atsoiuopr mpsdeses and tomossoc of
a csetihed wulfeses cho had sobbed a fasmesr boy of ruxwenie all there thungr
and a thoprand luke them iame to warr un and ilore pwon the deas old yeas one
thoprand reven hpndsed and reventyfuve envusoned by them chule the coodman and
the fasmes cosked pnheeded thore tco of the lasge jacr and thore othes tco of
the wlaun and the faus faier tsod cuth rtus enopgh and iassued theus duvune
sughtr cuth a hugh hand thpr dud the yeas one thoprand reven hpndsed and
reventyfuve iondpit theus gseatnerrer and mysuadr of rmall iseatpser the
iseatpser of thur ihsonuile among the sert along the soadr that lay befose them

EPOCH 2500
it war the bert of timer it war the wosrt of timer it war the age of wirdom it
war the age of foolirhnerr it war the epoch of belief it war the epoch of
incsedulity it war the rearon of light it war the rearon of dasknerr it war the
rpsing of hope it war the wintes of derpais we had evesything befose ur we had
nothing befose ur we wese all going disect to heaven we wese all going disect
the othes way in rhost the pesiod war ro fas like the pserent pesiod that rome
of itr noiriert authositier inrirted on itr being seceived fos good os fos evil
in the rupeslative degsee of compasiron only these wese a king with a lasge jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the thsone of england these wese a king with a
lasge jaw and a queen with a fais face on the thsone of fsance in both countsier
it war cleases than csyrtal to the losdr of the rtate pseresver of loaver and
firher that thingr in genesal wese rettled fos eves it war the yeas of ous losd
one thourand reven hundsed and reventyfive rpisitual sevelationr wese conceded
to england at that favoused pesiod ar at thir msr routhcott had secently
attained hes fiveandtwentieth blerred bisthday of whom a psophetic psivate in
the life guasdr had hesalded the rublime appeasance by announcing that
assangementr wese made fos the rwallowing up of london and wertminrtes even the
cocklane ghort had been laid only a sound dozen of yeasr aftes sapping out itr
merrager ar the rpisitr of thir vesy yeas lart part rupesnatusally deficient in
osiginality sapped out theisr mese merrager in the easthly osdes of eventr had
lately come to the englirh csown and people fsom a congserr of bsitirh rubjectr
in amesica which rtsange to selate have psoved mose impostant to the human sace
than any communicationr yet seceived thsough any of the chickenr of the cocklane
bsood fsance lerr favoused on the whole ar to mattesr rpisitual than hes rirtes
of the rhield and tsident solled with exceeding rmoothnerr down hill making
papes money and rpending it undes the guidance of hes chsirtian partosr rhe
entestained hesrelf berider with ruch humane achievementr ar rentencing a youth
to have hir handr cut off hir tongue tosn out with pincesr and hir body busned
alive becaure he had not kneeled down in the sain to do honous to a disty
psocerrion of monkr which parred within hir view at a dirtance of rome fifty os
rixty yasdr it ir likely enough that sooted in the woodr of fsance and nosway
these wese gsowing tseer when that ruffeses war put to death alseady masked by
the woodman fate to come down and be rawn into boasdr to make a cestain movable
fsamewosk with a rack and a knife in it tessible in hirtosy it ir likely enough
that in the sough outhourer of rome tillesr of the heavy landr adjacent to pasir
these wese rheltesed fsom the weathes that vesy day sude castr berpattesed with
surtic mise rnuffed about by pigr and soorted in by poultsy which the fasmes
death had alseady ret apast to be hir tumbsilr of the sevolution but that
woodman and that fasmes though they wosk uncearingly wosk rilently and no one
heasd them ar they went about with muffled tsead the sathes fosarmuch ar to
entestain any rurpicion that they wese awake war to be atheirtical and
tsaitosour in england these war rcascely an amount of osdes and psotection to
jurtify much national boarting dasing busglasier by asmed men and highway
sobbesier took place in the capital itrelf evesy night familier wese publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without semoving theis fusnituse to upholrtesesr
wasehourer fos recusity the highwayman in the dask war a city tsaderman in the
light and being secognired and challenged by hir fellowtsaderman whom he rtopped
in hir chasactes of the captain gallantly rhot him thsough the head and sode
away the mail war waylaid by reven sobbesr and the guasd rhot thsee dead and
then got rhot dead himrelf by the othes fous in conrequence of the failuse of
hir ammunition aftes which the mail war sobbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the losd mayos of london war made to rtand and delives on tusnham
gseen by one highwayman who derpoiled the illurtsiour cseatuse in right of all
hir setinue psironesr in london gaolr fought battler with theis tusnkeyr and the
majerty of the law fised blundesburrer in among them loaded with soundr of rhot
and ball thiever rnipped off diamond csorrer fsom the neckr of noble losdr at
coust dsawingsoomr murketeesr went into rt gilerr to reasch fos contsaband goodr
and the mob fised on the murketeesr and the murketeesr fised on the mob and
nobody thought any of there occussencer much out of the common way in the midrt
of them the hangman eves bury and eves wosre than urelerr war in conrtant
sequirition now rtsinging up long sowr of mircellaneour csiminalr now hanging a
hourebseakes on ratusday who had been taken on tuerday now busning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now busning pamphletr at the doos of
wertminrtes hall today taking the life of an atsociour musdeses and tomossow of
a wsetched pilfeses who had sobbed a fasmesr boy of rixpence all there thingr
and a thourand like them came to parr in and clore upon the deas old yeas one
thourand reven hundsed and reventyfive envisoned by them while the woodman and
the fasmes wosked unheeded thore two of the lasge jawr and thore othes two of
the plain and the fais facer tsod with rtis enough and cassied theis divine
sightr with a high hand thur did the yeas one thourand reven hundsed and
reventyfive conduct theis gseatnerrer and mysiadr of rmall cseatuser the
cseatuser of thir chsonicle among the sert along the soadr that lay befose them

EPOCH 3000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 3500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 4000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 4500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 5000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 5500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 6000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round doxen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with ezceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sizty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the doxen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sizpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 6500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 7000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 7500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 8000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 8500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 9000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 9500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 10000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 10500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 11000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 11500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 12000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 12500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 13000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 13500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 14000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 14500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 15000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 15500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 16000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 16500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 17000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 17500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 18000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 18500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 19000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 19500
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 20000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

EPOCH 20000
it was the best of times it was the worst of times it was the age of wisdom it
was the age of foolishness it was the epoch of belief it was the epoch of
incredulity it was the season of light it was the season of darkness it was the
spring of hope it was the winter of despair we had everything before us we had
nothing before us we were all going direct to heaven we were all going direct
the other way in short the period was so far like the present period that some
of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received for good or for evil
in the superlative degree of comparison only there were a king with a large jaw
and a queen with a plain face on the throne of england there were a king with a
large jaw and a queen with a fair face on the throne of france in both countries
it was clearer than crystal to the lords of the state preserves of loaves and
fishes that things in general were settled for ever it was the year of our lord
one thousand seven hundred and seventyfive spiritual revelations were conceded
to england at that favoured period as at this mrs southcott had recently
attained her fiveandtwentieth blessed birthday of whom a prophetic private in
the life guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that
arrangements were made for the swallowing up of london and westminster even the
cocklane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years after rapping out its
messages as the spirits of this very year last past supernaturally deficient in
originality rapped out theirs mere messages in the earthly order of events had
lately come to the english crown and people from a congress of british subjects
in america which strange to relate have proved more important to the human race
than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the cocklane
brood france less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister
of the shield and trident rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill making
paper money and spending it under the guidance of her christian pastors she
entertained herself besides with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth
to have his hands cut off his tongue torn out with pincers and his body burned
alive because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty
procession of monks which passed within his view at a distance of some fifty or
sixty yards it is likely enough that rooted in the woods of france and norway
there were growing trees when that sufferer was put to death already marked by
the woodman fate to come down and be sawn into boards to make a certain movable
framework with a sack and a knife in it terrible in history it is likely enough
that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to paris
there were sheltered from the weather that very day rude carts bespattered with
rustic mire snuffed about by pigs and roosted in by poultry which the farmer
death had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the revolution but that
woodman and that farmer though they work unceasingly work silently and no one
heard them as they went about with muffled tread the rather forasmuch as to
entertain any suspicion that they were awake was to be atheistical and
traitorous in england there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to
justify much national boasting daring burglaries by armed men and highway
robberies took place in the capital itself every night families were publicly
cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers
warehouses for security the highwayman in the dark was a city tradesman in the
light and being recognised and challenged by his fellowtradesman whom he stopped
in his character of the captain gallantly shot him through the head and rode
away the mail was waylaid by seven robbers and the guard shot three dead and
then got shot dead himself by the other four in consequence of the failure of
his ammunition after which the mail was robbed in peace that magnificent
potentate the lord mayor of london was made to stand and deliver on turnham
green by one highwayman who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all
his retinue prisoners in london gaols fought battles with their turnkeys and the
majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them loaded with rounds of shot
and ball thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at
court drawingrooms musketeers went into st giless to search for contraband goods
and the mob fired on the musketeers and the musketeers fired on the mob and
nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way in the midst
of them the hangman ever busy and ever worse than useless was in constant
requisition now stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals now hanging a
housebreaker on saturday who had been taken on tuesday now burning people in the
hand at newgate by the dozen and now burning pamphlets at the door of
westminster hall today taking the life of an atrocious murderer and tomorrow of
a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmers boy of sixpence all these things
and a thousand like them came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one
thousand seven hundred and seventyfive environed by them while the woodman and
the farmer worked unheeded those two of the large jaws and those other two of
the plain and the fair faces trod with stir enough and carried their divine
rights with a high hand thus did the year one thousand seven hundred and
seventyfive conduct their greatnesses and myriads of small creatures the
creatures of this chronicle among the rest along the roads that lay before them

